Title: Katy Corkboard / Home
Headers:

Katy Corkboard
Page Navigation
Community Flyers
Guidelines
Contact Us

Content:
Katy ISD's Katy Corkboard platform is available to campuses, departments and non-profit organizations that wish to email flyers to families and staff.​ If you are interested in posting a flyer on the Katy Corkboard, visit Peachjar to register as a program provider and submit your flyer. ​ Peachjar charges a fee for businesses utilizing this service. Non-profit organizations may be eligible to post items for free through the "Community Free" account.  The Community Free Guidelines are available.  Organizations may register with Peachjar as a "Program Provider" and upload flyers for distribution to the desired school(s). After your flyer has been submitted, it will be routed automatically to the school district office for approval, and if approved, emailed to those parents and/or staff who have their email address on file in the district.​All flyers will be reviewed and approved prior to inclusion on the Katy Corkboard. Paper flyers from outside organizations are not distributed by the District. ​ Please allow up to 5 business days for flyer approval.​ ​​Katy ISD reviews and approves most flyers from external non-school groups/organizations that provide evidence of non-profit status or for youth groups that utilize Katy ISD facilities.  Flyers from external non-school groups/organizations that utilize Katy ISD facilities are generally approved. Katy ISD will not post flyers seeking participants for research studies.  The non-profit organization must provide documentation of the official non-profit status when uploading a flyer for consideration. Non-profit organizations will not be charged a fee to post flyers.  Up to four pages will be accepted for posting. (This includes any translations.) The flyer/printed material should not contain advertising logos or promotions for any business/organization other than the approved non-profit submitting the flyer. All athletic/sport team flyers​ are subject to sports approval of the Katy ISD Athletic Department. Please allow extra time for this approval to occur. ​CAMPUSES ARE NOT ALLOWED OR AUTHORIZED TO PRINT COPIES OF ANY FLYER. Julie Gri​er, Administrative AssistantPhone: 281.396.6365Fax: 281.644.1805 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
