Title: Hayes Elementary / Homepage
Headers:
Campus Links
District Links
News Headlines

Katy ISD Trustees Approve District’s Legislative Priorities for Upcoming Session


Katy ISD 2024 State of the District


GT Referral Window Open for First through Fourth Grade Students


Katy ISD Legacy Parent Academy to Host Safety Forum for October Webinar


Katy ISD Remains Top Public School District in Houston and Texas

Campus Announcements
District Announcements
Upcoming Events
Today
Tomorrow
Friday
Monday

Content:
At tonight’s Regular Board Meeting, the Katy ISD Board of Trustees approved legislative priorities for the upcoming 89th Texas Legislature, which begins in January. Katy ISD’s 2024 State of the District was a celebration of excellence, collaboration, and appreciation for the many stakeholders that continue investing in the future of students.  Parents of students in grades 1-4 who are interested in having their child screened for the district's Challenge (Gifted and Talented, GT) program must submit a referral by October 25.  Parents and community members are invited to learn about the comprehensive safety and security measures in place across the district at this month’s Legacy Parent Academy session. Katy ISD has once again been named the top-ranked public school district in Houston and Texas, according to Niche ratings released today.   Congratulations to our 2024 Inspiring Imagination Grant Recipients for BUILDing Tubs!  Miqui Viard, Kim Radzicki, Natalie Pruett, Rachel Anderson, Pam Guajardo.  Congratulations to Mrs. Forester, our  JHE 2023-2024 Para of the Year! Congratulations to Ms. Anderson, our JHE 2023-2024 Rookie Teacher of the Year!  Congratulations to Ms. Carey, our JHE 2023-2024 Teacher of the Year! In accordance with regulation 40 CFR 763.93 and Katy ISD Board Policy CKA (LEGAL), notice of the district's pest and asbestos management plan must be posted for all staff, students and parents/guardians. If you are new to Katy ISD or would like to review the Asbestos Management Plan or Pest Management Plan, you can find them in the Environmental & Safety section of the Maintenance and Operations Website. To discuss Katy ISD’s rating on the state’s financial accountability system.  Date: Monday, October 28, 2024 Time: 5:00 p.m. Location: Education Support Complex Board Room 6301 S. Stadium Lane Katy, TX 77494  October is Dyslexia Awareness Month, a time dedicated to increasing understanding and support for students and adults with dyslexia. It’s an opportunity for parents, educators, and communities to come together, share resources, and learn how to better support those with dyslexia. This month encourages recognizing the unique strengths and challenges of individuals with dyslexia and promoting the right tools and accommodations to help them succeed in school and beyond.  Click on the link to learn more about Dyslexia and Related Disorders. Katy ISD Dyslexia and Related Disorders Informational Website       Katy Virtual School Registration for spring courses is open.    Katy Virtual School (KVS) online classes allow secondary students to acquire graduation credits and/or expand their learning opportunities through paid, online high school credit courses during the summer and school year. The cost is $200 per semester per course with reduced or no fees for students identified as economically disadvantaged. KVS offers over 60 approved College Board Advanced Placement (AP), Katy Advanced Program (KAP) and academic level courses.  Visit our website for more details on courses offered and how to apply: http://www.katyisd.org/kvs or email katyvirtualschool@katyisd.org.    Katy ISD STAAR testing calendar will offer campuses a 3-day testing window to administer state testing for specific content areas.  One day is designated for STAAR Science (5/8), Social Studies (8), and Algebra I at the high school level.  Campuses will choose their testing dates and grade levels based on the Katy ISD testing windows, which are aligned with the state testing windows.  Specific STAAR testing days by campus will be posted to Katy ISD Research, Assessment, and Accountability website in mid-fall.   For the 2024-2025 school year, STAAR testing will be administered online. Only students who qualify for a special administration will be allowed to be tested using a paper format.   If you selected YES for the CLASS 1:1 Device Insurance Option for your student’s Chromebook device, all student fees, including the device insurance fee, were sent to our Pay N’ Go system for payment on August 12th.     Please note, this only applies to students in 3rd – 12th grades.    For further information, please visit our Pay N’ Go website or for more detailed documentation, please view this Pay N’ Go Student Fee article.  If you would like to change your device insurance selection from NO to YES, please email changemyrequest@katyisd.org with your student’s Katy ID, name and campus and we will update your insurance option from NO to YES.    Please note, you are only eligible to make this change and pay in full, 30 days after your student’s first day of attendance.  
Book Character Pumpkin Contest
 
Book Character Pumpkin Contest
 
Book Character Pumpkin Contest
 
Campus Professional Learning Day • I00 and I01 Pay Grade Employee Flex Day, No Students
 
3rd Secondary Grading Cycle Begins
 


                                        Phone: 281.237.3200
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 281.644.1541
                                 

Email: parenttechsupport@katyisd.org
