Title: Deaf Education / Home
Headers:

Deaf Education
Page Navigation
West 10 Regional Day School Program for the Deaf
Contact Us

Content:
    Serving students who are deaf and hard of hearing or deaf blind in Katy, Bellville, Sealy, Hempstead, and Royal ISD, and Aristoi Classical Academy and Calvin Nelms Charter Schools.   The West 10 Regional Day School Program for the Deaf provides services to students, age birth to 21, who are eligible for special education services to support language needs and educational needs. These students reside in Katy, Bellville, Sealy, Hempstead, and Royal. We offer a continuum of services to assist students with hearing differences and their families.  Andrea Alford- Coordinator for Deaf Education/West 10 Regional Day School Program for the Deaf, Assistive Technology and Vision ServicesPhone: 281-396-2413 Kelli Stermer - Administrative Assistant  Phone: 281-396-2695    Jennifer Magee​ - Deaf and Hard of Hearing Education Specialist Phone: 281-237-4693  Communication   The West 10 RDSPD priority is language and communication acquisition, as well as supporting listening skills, and spoken language development. Students are assessed routinely to address language and communication needs throughout their educational programming.    The West 10 RDSPD Communication Philosophy    At West 10 RDSPD, our communication philosophy underscores the pivotal role of language and communication in the success of every student. We uphold the principle that "every student's unique communication mode is respected, utilized, and cultivated to an appropriate level of proficiency," as outlined in TEC §29.303. Our commitment entails providing all students with the opportunity to express themselves in their mode of communication, which is determined based on family input and supported with ongoing communication assessments. We prioritize early identification and intervention to facilitate early language acquisition, supplemented by the integration of technology for enhanced communication access.  We firmly believe that success hinges upon early language acquisition, continuous language development, advocacy, literacy, and effective communication, enabling students to actively engage within their homes, schools, and communities.   TEC §29.302 states that “it is essential for the well-being and growth of students who are deaf or hard of hearing that educational programs recognize the unique nature of deafness and the hard-of-hearing condition and ensure that all students who are deaf or hard of hearing have appropriate, ongoing, and fully accessible educational opportunities.” It further explains that students who are deaf or hard of hearing “should have the opportunity to develop proficiency in English.” Therefore, our philosophy supports the maximization of the development of reading, writing, and communication in English.  Services and Support   West 10 RDSPD offers a comprehensive range of services tailored to each child's unique needs, as determined by the Admission, Review, and Dismissal (ARD) committee. These services encompass: 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
