Title: Bullying Prevention and Student Support / Home
Headers:

Bullying Prevention and Student Support
Page Navigation
Bullying Prevention
Contact Us
Resources

Content:
Bullying occurs when a student or group of students engage in written or verbal expression, expression through electronic means, or physical conduct that occurs on school property, at a school-sponsored or school-related activity, or in a vehicle operated by the District and that: The action or threat must:  Exploit an imbalance of power between the aggressor and the targeted student through written or verbal expression, expression through electronic means or physical conduct and at least one of the four clarifiers in the definition above. If the action or threat is through an electronic means and it occurred off of school property or outside of a school-sponsored/related event, it must: If you think your child may have been bullied, the following checklist can help you determine if it should be reported to the school. All items must be answered “yes” to be considered bullying. However, if you are concerned about your child’s physical or psychological safety, be sure to promptly contact campus administration. Procedures for Reporting Allegations of Bullying The District prohibits bullying on school property, at school-sponsored or school-related activities, or in any vehicle operated by the District. Bullying may include verbal or written expressions, expression through electronic means, or physical conduct. Bullying is not tolerated by the District, and any student or parent of a student who believes that the student or another student has experienced bullying or that a student has engaged in bullying is encouraged to immediately report the incident. Retaliation against anyone involved in the reporting process is a violation of District policy and is prohibited. Students or parents may report an alleged incident of bullying, orally or in writing, to a teacher, school counselor, principal, or other District employee.  Please note that after submission of the complaint to the District employee, the District may assign the report to a campus administrator to follow up on the submitted report and any other important matters pertaining to the report. We encourage you to communicate with your designated campus administrator during this time. More information about the District’s bullying policy can be found at Katy ISD Board Policy Manual - FF​I or in the campus administration office. Information on the District’s harassment policy can be found at Katy ISD Board Policy Manual - FFH. Edie White, Coordinator for School Leadership and SupportPhone: (281) 396-2902Email: edithwhite@katyisd.org 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
