Title: Teaching & Learning / Home
Headers:
About Teaching & Learning
Meet the Assistant Superintendent
Contact Us

Content:
The Teaching and Learning Division focuses on developing a dynamic curriculum, PreK-12, which is based directly on the Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills, and providing teachers with content and strategy centered on professional development.  Propelled by the charge to serve students, staff and the community, the Teaching and Learning Division prepares a rigorous, engaging curriculum which addresses college and career readiness standards.  Offices within the Teaching and Learning Division include: Elementary Curriculum & Instruction, Secondary Curriculum & Instruction, Interventions, ESL/Bilingual, Gifted and Talented/Advanced Academics, Career and Technical Education (CTE), and Title I/Federal Programs.​ Dr. Sanée Bell began her educational career at Jefferson County Public Schools in Louisville, Kentucky. She taught 8th grade Language Arts and coached girls basketball. She moved to Texas in 2002 and began teaching 10th grade English and coaching girls basketball at Katy High School. Dr. Bell  served as an assistant principal at West Memorial Junior High (2005-2008) and WoodCreek Junior High as an inaugural staff member from 2008-2011. In 2011, she became the principal of Cimarron Elementary. During her tenure at Cimarron, Dr. Bell was recognized as the 2015 Katy ISD Elementary Principal of the Year. In 2016, Dr. Bell became the principal of Morton Ranch Junior High and served in that role until becoming the Executive Director of Secondary Curriculum and Instruction in 2021. Dr. Bell began her role as Assistant Superintendent in March of 2022. Dr. Bell has been invited to present at local and national conferences on various topics, and she has contributed to several publications and podcasts focused on leadership and its impact on students and teachers. She is passionate about authentic, purposeful learning for students and teachers, and she also has a strong passion for leadership and its impact on teacher engagement, student learning, and school culture. Dr. Bell recognizes her impact as a leader and uses her role to inspire, motivate, and empower others. Dr. Bell holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English and Allied Language Arts from Western Kentucky University, a Master’s Degree in Educational Management from the University of Houston - Clear Lake, and a Doctorate's Degree in Educational Leadership with an emphasis in Curriculum and Instruction from the University of Houston – Clear Lake Dr. Sanée Bell, Assistant SuperintendentPhone: (281) 396-2315 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
