Title: Cardiff Junior High / Homepage
Headers:
Campus Links
District Links
News Headlines

Dozens of Community Members Safely Dispose of Medication in Drug Take Back Event


Hundreds of Katy ISD Students and Graduates Earn AP Distinctions


Katy ISD Trustees Approve Attendance Boundary Modifications for Schools Opening Fall 2025


Katy ISD Trustees Approve District’s Legislative Priorities for Upcoming Session


National Merit Semifinalists Recognized by Trustees, District Leaders 

Campus Announcements
STAAR Testing Dates
K-TEAM Fall Conference
Boo Bash
EF Tours
Girls Basketball Tryout Information
New York City: The Big Apple Tour
Athletics Highlights
Legacy Parent Academy
Bus Route Information
Health Opt-In Information
Cellphone Policy
Prohibited Items and Consequenses
Katy ISD Vaping Policy
District Announcements
Upcoming Events
Friday
Monday

Content:
Katy ISD’s Police Department collected more than 20 boxes of medication at this weekend’s Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) National Prescription Drug Take Back Day, continuing its mission to keep our community safe. More than 200 Katy ISD students and graduates earned AP (Advanced Placement) distinctions in the 2023-24 school year, with 51 of them being 2024 graduating seniors.  During tonight’s Regular Board Meeting, the Katy ISD Board of Trustees voted to approve Attendance Boundary Modifications (ABM) for the district’s next elementary schools, #47 and #48, to be located in the district’s northwest quadrant. At tonight’s Regular Board Meeting, the Katy ISD Board of Trustees approved legislative priorities for the upcoming 89th Texas Legislature, which begins in January. In recognition of their impressive accomplishment, Katy ISD’s National Merit Semifinalists were honored by Trustees and leaders ahead of the Board’s regular October meeting.           Dear families,We’re going to Japan AND Spain in Summer 2026, and you’re invited!We’re excited to tell you more about the trips we’re planning with EF Tours, our educational travel partner. Please be sure to register for this info session to be considered for this opportunity: https://rsvp.eftours.com/fphcptf There are limited spots on the trips, so we would love to have you attend this meeting to learn more about this exciting opportunity!Thanks,Jermaine Reed and Jessica BurnsPlease note these are non-school sponsored trips.   Girls’ basketball tryouts are coming up in a few weeks!    To participate, athletes must have all required items completed in Rank One:    Rank One website- https://katyisd.rankonesport.com/New/NewInstructionsPage.aspx   For more information/directions on Rank One, please go to-  https://sites.google.com/katyisd.org/lady-colts-athletics/home/parents/rank-one-info   Dates  Athletes will need to attend both days of tryouts unless told otherwise. Times are as follows:    What do I wear? Athletic shoes and PE or Athletics clothes   What do I bring?  Water bottle   What will we do during tryouts?  The first day you will be scored on dribbling, shooting, lay ups, and passing. Day 2 will be scrimmage drills.    Morning Tryout/Drop Off Info:  Doors open 10 minutes before start time. Athletes will be dropped off in the back near the tennis courts and enter through the glass gym doors. Please have them bring their school clothes with them to tryouts so they can change in the locker room before school starts. There will not be time for athletes to go home after tryouts.    Afternoon Tryout/Pick Up Info:  Athletes will change in the locker room after school. After tryouts, athletes will be picked up in the back by the bus drive. Please pick up no later than 6:10.  If you have any questions, please let Coach Waak know. RobinHWaak@Katyisd.org         Invitation Flyer Dear Parents & Guardians,   I am thrilled to announce our new travel adventure and to invite you to our final virtual parent meeting about the New York City trip that we are planning in summer 2025 for your student! This is an amazing opportunity for your student to step outside of the classroom and learn more about a different part of our country, gain new perspectives, get out of their comfort zone, and build skills for the future. Join us to go over everything about this trip including: We will open enrollment at the end of the meeting, so please attend for your child to participate as we anticipate that spots will fill up quickly! To attend parent meeting, please be sure to register/RSVP through this link 2025 New York City: The Big Apple Tour.  When: October 1, 2024, at 6:00 PM  Where:  Virtual-Zoom. To attend, you must register through this link  Questions? Email me: JermaineLReed@KATYISD.ORG   Register to attend our meeting using this link. If you can’t make the meeting, but would still like to learn more, select: “No, but send more information” to stay informed.   I look forward to seeing you there!   Jermaine Reed            Parents of Bus Riders: For this school year, your student will not be assigned a “bus number,” they will be assigned a “route number.”  The route number will be displayed on the side of the bus (see below).  Students should look for this number when boarding the bus in the morning and afternoon.  Parents should emphasize to their students the importance of remembering the route number so that they board the correct bus when dismissed after school.  Parents can access their child’s route information, such as bus stop locations and times in the Smart Tag app.  Make sure to download the Smart tag™ app from your mobile Google Play Store or Apple App Store!  The Smart Tag app allows parents to set their preferred notifications, including when their child’s bus is expected to arrive.  You can also see when and where your student boards and exits the bus.   The app will send push notifications to registered mobile devices and tablets, providing parents with instant updates about delays, route alterations, or emergencies.  This app will replace the web app that was utilized last year. The web app utilized SMS text notifications which were not as consistent as push notifications. Parents who already have a SMART Tag account will be able to use the same log-in information on the app. The following Youtube video will walk a parent through the process of using the Katy ISD SMART Tag App.      In accordance with Texas Education Code 28.004 and Senate Bill 9, junior high students will receive instruction on the required health TEKS specific to abuse and violence prevention.  Under Texas statute, parents/guardians must choose to “opt-in” for their student to participate in the lessons that address the topics of abuse and violence prevention.  On September 2, 2024, parents/guardians will receive information via email on how to view associated lessons and record their decision for student “opt-in” of these lessons.  Below are the windows for both the parent opt-in and when lessons will be taught:  Parent Opt-In Window: September 2nd – September 30th  Instruction Window: November 4th – December 20th       Students who unintentionally bring to school a prohibited item, which is not illegal, may turn in the item to a staff member without disciplinary consequences if this is done before the item is discovered or reported by a staff member or another student. This option applies only to the first time the prohibited item is accidentally brought to school. The second time the prohibited item is brought to school, the item will be confiscated and the student disciplined according to the type of item brought to school. Parents/ guardians may pick up confiscated items which are not illegal within two school days. Items not picked up within two school days will be discarded. Illegal items and items designated as evidence will be turned over to the Katy ISD police. Students shall not possess or use:    In accordance with regulation 40 CFR 763.93 and Katy ISD Board Policy CKA (LEGAL), notice of the district's pest and asbestos management plan must be posted for all staff, students and parents/guardians. If you are new to Katy ISD or would like to review the Asbestos Management Plan or Pest Management Plan, you can find them in the Environmental & Safety section of the Maintenance and Operations Website. To discuss Katy ISD’s rating on the state’s financial accountability system.  Date: Monday, October 28, 2024 Time: 5:00 p.m. Location: Education Support Complex Board Room 6301 S. Stadium Lane Katy, TX 77494  October is Dyslexia Awareness Month, a time dedicated to increasing understanding and support for students and adults with dyslexia. It’s an opportunity for parents, educators, and communities to come together, share resources, and learn how to better support those with dyslexia. This month encourages recognizing the unique strengths and challenges of individuals with dyslexia and promoting the right tools and accommodations to help them succeed in school and beyond.  Click on the link to learn more about Dyslexia and Related Disorders. Katy ISD Dyslexia and Related Disorders Informational Website       Katy Virtual School Registration for spring courses is open.    Katy Virtual School (KVS) online classes allow secondary students to acquire graduation credits and/or expand their learning opportunities through paid, online high school credit courses during the summer and school year. The cost is $200 per semester per course with reduced or no fees for students identified as economically disadvantaged. KVS offers over 60 approved College Board Advanced Placement (AP), Katy Advanced Program (KAP) and academic level courses.  Visit our website for more details on courses offered and how to apply: http://www.katyisd.org/kvs or email katyvirtualschool@katyisd.org.    Katy ISD STAAR testing calendar will offer campuses a 3-day testing window to administer state testing for specific content areas.  One day is designated for STAAR Science (5/8), Social Studies (8), and Algebra I at the high school level.  Campuses will choose their testing dates and grade levels based on the Katy ISD testing windows, which are aligned with the state testing windows.  Specific STAAR testing days by campus will be posted to Katy ISD Research, Assessment, and Accountability website in mid-fall.   For the 2024-2025 school year, STAAR testing will be administered online. Only students who qualify for a special administration will be allowed to be tested using a paper format.   If you selected YES for the CLASS 1:1 Device Insurance Option for your student’s Chromebook device, all student fees, including the device insurance fee, were sent to our Pay N’ Go system for payment on August 12th.     Please note, this only applies to students in 3rd – 12th grades.    For further information, please visit our Pay N’ Go website or for more detailed documentation, please view this Pay N’ Go Student Fee article.  If you would like to change your device insurance selection from NO to YES, please email changemyrequest@katyisd.org with your student’s Katy ID, name and campus and we will update your insurance option from NO to YES.    Please note, you are only eligible to make this change and pay in full, 30 days after your student’s first day of attendance.  
Campus Professional Learning Day • I00 and I01 Pay Grade Employee Flex Day, No Students
 
3rd Secondary Grading Cycle Begins
 


                                        Phone: 281.234.0600
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 281.644.1855
                                 

Email: parenttechsupport@katyisd.org
