Title: Instructional Resources Information / Home
Headers:

Instructional Resources Information
Page Navigation
Instructional Resources Information

Content:
 What are Instructional Resources?Instructional resources are inclusive of Instructional Materials (i.e. textbooks, Book Club Choice Books, Supplemental Materials, Written Content used for Instruction), Library Books, and Internet/Online Materials. ​ About Katy ISD Instructional ResourcesKaty ISD provides a wide range of instructional resources for students and faculty that present varying levels of difficulty, diversity of appeal, and a variety of points of view to enrich and support the educational program. ​ Board Policies EFA Local- Instructional Materials and EFB Local-Library MaterialsAt their July 31, 2023, Board meeting, the Trustees approved updates to policies EFA Local- Instructional Materials and EFB Local-Library Materials. Additional updates to EFB Local- Library Materials were approved by Trustees at their September 26, 2024 regular meeting. Reconsideration Committees for Challenged Instructional and Library MaterialEFA and EFB Local allow individuals to request an informal or formal reconsideration of materials. In alignment with those policies, the District has solicited parent committee members who were randomly drawn and assigned to five different rotating Reconsideration Committees that are charged with reading and reviewing challenged materials. Each committee comprises four (4) parents, alongside District assigned instructional personnel.  Library Book NotificationsEffective November 7, 2022, the District will email all parents/guardians on file each time their student checks out a library book. Parents/guardians will also be able to log into MyKaty Cloud to access the opt-out tile for notifications, should they wish to do so.  CAMPUS LIBRARY BOOK OPT-OUT Secondary English Language Arts (ELA) Classroom LibrariesBooks are also available for secondary students to check out through their English Language Arts (ELA) classroom libraries. Effective November 7, 2022, secondary parents or guardians must provide authorization for their secondary students to access ELA classroom library books. Parents/guardians may login to MyKaty Cloud to access the authorization tile to check out ELA classroom books.   ELA (SECONDARY) CLASSROOM LIBRARY BOOK OPT-IN BOOK FAIRCurating a love of reading is important to educators and families in Katy ISD. Campuses host book fairs to encourage the love of reading and build excitement around literacy.  It is important for parents to assist their child in selecting books that garner student interest and engagement in reading. Participation in the book fair is voluntary, and parents must opt in students to purchase books and other items included in the book fair. Parents may log in to MyKaty Cloud to access the authorization tile to allow participation in Book Fairs. CAMPUS BOOK FAIR OPT-IN High School Parent Opt-In for Local Policy FA ContentNo materials in elementary and junior high libraries shall contain material adopting, supporting, or promoting gender fluidity as defined in Local Policy FA.  Material in any high school library collection that adopts, supports, or promotes gender fluidity requires parental opt-in for student access.  Parents may log in to MyKaty Cloud to access the authorization to all student access to gender fluidity content. LOCAL FA POLICY HIGH SCHOOL OPT-IN   ender fluidity content. 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
