Title: After School Programs / Home
Headers:
After School Programs
Overview​​
Application Process
Contractor Safety Guidelines

Content:
Individual campuses may select ​​independently operated after-school programs that have been applied to the district.  All potential external service providers must apply if they wish to host their program on the Katy ISD campus. Key administrators will review each application, evaluating its merit based on its alignment with the District’s curriculum and perceived value for students. Guidelines are as follows: Approved After-School programs are an extension of the school day and are only offered to currently enrolled Katy ISD students. There will be a limited number of spots available, and it is at the discretion of the campus principal. If you are a parent or guardian inquiring about After-School Programs available at your child's school, please contact the school directly.  Application Submission Windows: The deadline to be considered as an approved After-School Program for the fall has passed.  Spring 2025: November 1, 2024 - December 13, 2024 To be eligible to reserve a Katy ISD campus for your after-school program, an online application must be submitted by the deadlines listed below.  Please Note: If an application is approved for the Fall Semester, the After-School Program does not need to apply again for the Spring Semester of that school year unless changes have been made.  All approved After-School Programs are required to​ submit an application every school year.  Please complete the forms below and submit them to afterschool@katyisd.org Required Documents: All Applicants   THIS ORGANIZATION AND ITS ACTIVITIES ARE NOT RELATED TO OR SPONSORED BY THE KATY INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT Once the application has been approved, an email confirmation will be sent.  The following guidelines outline the safety expectations for all Katy ISD contracted service providers.  Katy ISD requires all contracted employees to support and assist the district and campus staff in ensuring safe and secure facilities.    Contracted employees should be familiar with Katy ISD’s Emergency Response Guide, posted in every workspace and classroom at all district facilities. Campus staff frequently rehearse these protocols during required safety drills. Contracted employees should participate in the best of their ability as the campus administration is trained to ensure the safety of all individuals inside their building during a crisis, including contracted employees.   Front office staff at all facilities/campuses or the Human Resources department can provide you with a copy of the District’s Emergency Response Guide for review. The Emergency Response Guide will be available for review only and should not be taken off Katy ISD property.   All contracted employees are required to:                   NOTE: A contracted employee should always be prepared to identify their company supervisor (contact information) and the Katy ISD point of contact (District department/District staff member) they are associated with.    If you require assistance in accessing a district facility after normal hours, you should first coordinate with your company supervisor and/or the district’s Safety & Security Analysis Center (SSAC) 281-396-2000.    If you have safety questions, please contact the Katy ISD Office of Emergency Management  at 281-237-4049.   


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
