Title: Open Records / Home
Headers:

Open Records
Page Navigation
Open Records
PIR Fee Schedule
Cost Provisions Regarding Public Information Requests
Contact Us

Content:
Under Texas law and Katy Independent School Board Policies, the Officer for Public Information will make public information available for inspection and copying as governed by Texas Government Code 552 (the Texas Public Information Act) and 20 U.S.C. 1232g; 34 CFR Part 99 (the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act, or FERPA). The links below will help you obtain additional information about the governing laws and policies, as well as link you to useful forms. If you have any questions, please direct them to the Katy Independent School District Public Information Office, at 281-396-7445​, or by writing to one of the following addresses: Katy ISD Public Information Request Fee Schedule The Texas Public Information Act Section 552.275 authorizes a governmental body to establish a reasonable limit on the amount of time personnel are required to spend producing public information for inspection or copies to a requestor, without recovering the costs attributable to the personnel's time related to that requestor. Katy ISD has established 36 hours as the reasonable limit on the amount of time personnel are required to spend producing public information for inspection or copies without recovering attributable costs per 12 month period. This 12-month period coincides with the District’s fiscal year. Requestors who exceed the 36 hour time limit in a fiscal year shall pay all costs attributable to cost of materials, personnel time, and overhead expenses necessary to comply with the request, even if the requestor intends to only inspect the documents. Requestors are exempted by Texas Government Code, Section 552.275, if the requestor: The Act establishes detailed rules and procedures for responding to the requestor during the 12-month period, and for cumulative processing relating to the cost of locating, compiling, and producing the public information. Information on the associated costs to produce requested records once the 36 hour limit is reached can be found in the Katy ISD Public Information Fee Schedule.  Additional information regarding this statute of the Texas Public Information Act can be found on the website of the Texas Attorney General. Gretchen McCord, Staff AttorneyPhone: (281) 396-7445Fax: (281) 644-1905 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
