Title: Rylander Elementary / Homepage
Headers:
Campus Links
District Links
News Headlines

Dozens of Community Members Safely Dispose of Medication in Drug Take Back Event


Hundreds of Katy ISD Students and Graduates Earn AP Distinctions


Katy ISD Trustees Approve Attendance Boundary Modifications for Schools Opening Fall 2025


Katy ISD Trustees Approve District’s Legislative Priorities for Upcoming Session


National Merit Semifinalists Recognized by Trustees, District Leaders 

Campus Announcements
Ms. Heard Highlights I
District Announcements
Today
Tomorrow
Friday
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday

Content:
Katy ISD’s Police Department collected more than 20 boxes of medication at this weekend’s Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) National Prescription Drug Take Back Day, continuing its mission to keep our community safe. More than 200 Katy ISD students and graduates earned AP (Advanced Placement) distinctions in the 2023-24 school year, with 51 of them being 2024 graduating seniors.  During tonight’s Regular Board Meeting, the Katy ISD Board of Trustees voted to approve Attendance Boundary Modifications (ABM) for the district’s next elementary schools, #47 and #48, to be located in the district’s northwest quadrant. At tonight’s Regular Board Meeting, the Katy ISD Board of Trustees approved legislative priorities for the upcoming 89th Texas Legislature, which begins in January. In recognition of their impressive accomplishment, Katy ISD’s National Merit Semifinalists were honored by Trustees and leaders ahead of the Board’s regular October meeting. Rylander Family,                                                                                  Monday marked the first day of the 2nd Nine-Weeks grading term. Please go to Home Access Center (HAC) to access your student's grades for the first report card. The district no longer prints report cards. All grade level teachers are in the process of scheduling parent conferences throughout the first semester. Check-out the teacher weekly newsletters in order to see what curriculum content is being covered in the classroom. Here is the link for more information regarding Home Access Center (HAC): https://tx50010808.schoolwires.net/Page/7423   Red Ribbon theme week is next week. Check out the flyers for the dress up days for students and staff.   Click on the link below to go to the Katy ISD Elementary Curriculum and Instruction Website for more information regarding curriculum content covered: https://www.katyisd.org/Page/4155     Up and coming events:   10/25 - 50th Day of School - First Grade parade 10/28-10/31 - Red Ribbon Week 10/29 - K-2nd Field Day in Gym 10/30 - 3rd-5th Field Day on soccer field 10/31 - Character Book Parade (please no scary customs) 11/1 - NO SCHOOL - Student Holiday - Teacher Professional Development Day 11/7 - Texas Roadhouse Spirit Night   Up and coming events:   10/16 - Unity Day wear ORANGE 10/25 - 50th Day of School - First Grade parade 10/28-10/31 - Red Ribbon Week 10/29 - K-2nd Field Day in Gym 10/30 - 3rd-5th Field Day on soccer field 10/31 - Character Book Parade (please no scary customs) 11/1 - NO SCHOOL - Student Holiday - Teacher Professional Development Day   Tanya Heard PrincipalRylander Elementary School tanyaheard@katyisd.org Dr. Gregorski was greeted by 5th Grade House Leaders when he arrived for his campus visit! Dr. Gregorski spent some time with the House Leaders learning about how the 1:1 Chromebook roll-out was going and sharing hobbies. Dr. Gregorski walked some first and second grade classrooms to see all of the great instruction going on daily at RRE. He was very complementary on what he observed. Good job teachers! In accordance with regulation 40 CFR 763.93 and Katy ISD Board Policy CKA (LEGAL), notice of the district's pest and asbestos management plan must be posted for all staff, students and parents/guardians. If you are new to Katy ISD or would like to review the Asbestos Management Plan or Pest Management Plan, you can find them in the Environmental & Safety section of the Maintenance and Operations Website. To discuss Katy ISD’s rating on the state’s financial accountability system.  Date: Monday, October 28, 2024 Time: 5:00 p.m. Location: Education Support Complex Board Room 6301 S. Stadium Lane Katy, TX 77494  October is Dyslexia Awareness Month, a time dedicated to increasing understanding and support for students and adults with dyslexia. It’s an opportunity for parents, educators, and communities to come together, share resources, and learn how to better support those with dyslexia. This month encourages recognizing the unique strengths and challenges of individuals with dyslexia and promoting the right tools and accommodations to help them succeed in school and beyond.  Click on the link to learn more about Dyslexia and Related Disorders. Katy ISD Dyslexia and Related Disorders Informational Website       Katy Virtual School Registration for spring courses is open.    Katy Virtual School (KVS) online classes allow secondary students to acquire graduation credits and/or expand their learning opportunities through paid, online high school credit courses during the summer and school year. The cost is $200 per semester per course with reduced or no fees for students identified as economically disadvantaged. KVS offers over 60 approved College Board Advanced Placement (AP), Katy Advanced Program (KAP) and academic level courses.  Visit our website for more details on courses offered and how to apply: http://www.katyisd.org/kvs or email katyvirtualschool@katyisd.org.    Katy ISD STAAR testing calendar will offer campuses a 3-day testing window to administer state testing for specific content areas.  One day is designated for STAAR Science (5/8), Social Studies (8), and Algebra I at the high school level.  Campuses will choose their testing dates and grade levels based on the Katy ISD testing windows, which are aligned with the state testing windows.  Specific STAAR testing days by campus will be posted to Katy ISD Research, Assessment, and Accountability website in mid-fall.   For the 2024-2025 school year, STAAR testing will be administered online. Only students who qualify for a special administration will be allowed to be tested using a paper format.   If you selected YES for the CLASS 1:1 Device Insurance Option for your student’s Chromebook device, all student fees, including the device insurance fee, were sent to our Pay N’ Go system for payment on August 12th.     Please note, this only applies to students in 3rd – 12th grades.    For further information, please visit our Pay N’ Go website or for more detailed documentation, please view this Pay N’ Go Student Fee article.  If you would like to change your device insurance selection from NO to YES, please email changemyrequest@katyisd.org with your student’s Katy ID, name and campus and we will update your insurance option from NO to YES.    Please note, you are only eligible to make this change and pay in full, 30 days after your student’s first day of attendance.  
3 - 5 Field Day on Big Field
 
Hat Day
 
Red Ribbon Week 
 
5th Grade Choir Practice 7:05-7:50 AM
 
Book Character Parade 
 
Day 4
 
Red Ribbon Week 
 
Campus Professional Learning Day • I00 and I01 Pay Grade Employee Flex Day, No Students
 
Daylight Saving Time Ends - Fall Back One Hour
 
3rd Secondary Grading Cycle Begins
 
Campus Advisory Team Meeting
 
Day 1
 
Pampa Spirit Night
 
Read Deed Run
 
Day 2
 


                                        Phone: 281.237.8300
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 281.644.1600
                                 

Email: parenttechsupport@katyisd.org
