Title: Student Transfers / Home
Headers:
Student Transfers
2025-2026 Transfer Application Timeline
Contact Us
Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Can I submit a transfer request for a sibling to attend the campus of my Pre-K student?
Important points regarding student transfer requests
What are the approved reasons for a transfer?
What are the reasons for denial of a transfer?
What are the reasons for a revocation of a student transfer?
How do I pay the transfer fee?
What is the length of an approved transfer?
The Transfer Acknowledgement and Agreement the parent is required to acknowledge and agree to on the transfer application.
If I move and want my student to attend the campus I am now zoned to, do I submit a transfer request?
 If I move out of Katy ISD, can my child remain in Katy ISD schools?
How is UIL participation impacted by a transfer?
Which employees are eligible to apply for a student transfer?
Does a Katy ISD employee need to renew their application annually?
What is an Attendance Boundary Modification?
Can I request a transfer for my child to remain at a campus that is affected by an ABM?

Content:
The transfer application for the 2024-2025 school year is closed except for the following: The 2025-2026 transfer application will open in phases.  See below for details. District student transfers will not override an Attendance Boundary Modification approved by the Board of Trustees.  Attendance Boundary Modifications address the district's fast growth and student and staff capacity at schools.  Balancing school enrollment across campuses is essential to ensure that every student has access to safe and engaging learning environments. A transfer will not be granted to another campus because of friendships.  Conversely, dislike of a teacher, principal, staff member, or other student shall not be considered valid reasons for a transfer. Student transfer applications are requests for students to attend a campus to which they are not zoned. Submitting a transfer application will not update your address on file with Katy ISD. Please contact your campus registrar if you need to update your address.​​​         Jackie Cerame, Student Transfer SpecialistPhone: (281) 396-2357jacquelineacerame@katyisd.org   No, Pre-K is not a mandatory program.  Therefore, a sibling of a Pre-K student does not qualify for a transfer to the relocated campus.   Important Points Approvals are per school year.  Renewal applications must be submitted annually. Submitting an application does not guarantee approval. There are several factors in determining whether or not a student transfer request is approved. The following are acceptable reasons for a student transfer in accordance with Board Policy FDB (LOCAL): Change of Residence: No transfers are required for students who move after the first day of the last grading period in a school year. High School  Elementary/Junior High Other Acceptable Reasons: Reasons for denying a transfer include, but are not limited to, the following in accordance with Board Policy FDB (LOCAL): The following are some reasons for revocation of a student transfer in accordance with Board Policy FDB (LOCAL): Transfers will be processed after the application, accompanying documents (if applicable), and the appropriate fee has been received. A NON-REFUNDABLE application fee of $35.00 ($10.00 for district employees) is required for processing each application. Student transfer requests may be automatically cancelled if payment has not been received within 30 days of submission.   Pay in person: Payments may be made to the registrar at the campus (please contact the campus to verify they are accepting in-person payments at this time) or at the district office (6301 S. Stadium Lane) with exact cash. Checks are not accepted.  Online payments: Katy ISD Pay N' Go is an online web store, providing a convenient way for parents, students, and other patrons to make payments for cafeteria meals, activity fees, district transfer fees, and a variety of other campus and district related services.  There are no transaction fees and the system accepts credit cards and eChecks.  Pay N' Go may not be available if your student is new to Katy ISD. Approvals are per school year.  Renewal applications must be submitted annually. Renewal applications are approvable only if the initial reason for the request still exists. Upon completion of the student’s education at one campus level, a new transfer application will need to be completed. There should be no expectation that a transfer will be accepted to a junior high or high school in the same feeder pattern. (Exception: KISD full-time employees may request a transfer to continue within the feeder pattern of the school to which the child was transferred.) A parent submitting a transfer application for a student is now required to acknowledge and agree to the following terms:  No, you will not need to submit a transfer request if your student will be attending his/her zoned campus.  You will need to contact the campus registrar and provide him/her with an updated proof of residence (lease agreement, closing statement, utility bill – water, gas, or electric).  The registrar will update your child’s school in the KISD system.   Children of non-employees who move out of the district during the school year may be allowed to complete the current semester.  If you move out of the district during the course of a semester, you must immediately provide the campus with an updated proof of residence and immediately submit a transfer request.  High school seniors who move out of the district during the school year may be allowed to complete their education in Katy ISD.  The Student Transfer Office will review attendance and behavior in regards to approval or denial of the transfer request.     Parents/Guardians should contact the Katy ISD Athletic Department at 281-396-7780 to verify if a student will be eligible for UIL participation at a new campus, or if transferring will result in the forfeiture of varsity eligibility for a year. Participation will be in accordance with all applicable UIL regulations and Board Policy FMF (LOCAL). Varsity athletic participation is based on UIL residency requirements for grades 8-12. The UIL residency rule applies to athletics only.       Only full-time KISD employees (parent) are eligible for an employee-based student transfer.  Part-time and substitute employees are not eligible.  A full-time district employee may request a transfer for their student to attend the actual worksite of the employee or the closest campus to the employee’s worksite.  New employees have one month from date of employment to submit transfer applications.        Children of employees (parent) who are currently on a transfer will be automatically renewed unless they meet any of the following:   IF ANY OF THE ABOVE CRITERIA IS MET, A NEW ONLINE TRANSFER APPLICATION IS REQUIRED. Attendance Boundary Modifications ((ABMs) help the District manage growth in Katy ISD.  As enrollment increases, it becomes necessary to adjust boundaries and open new schools.  ABMs enable the District to balance student enrollment at campuses.   District student transfers will not override an Attendance Boundary Modification approved by the Board of Trustees.  Your student will need to attend his/her zoned campus.  Please see https://www.katyisd.org/domain/5700 for additional ABM information.  


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
