Title: Superintendent / Home
Headers:

Superintendent
Page Navigation
Katy ISD Superintendent Dr. Ken Gregorski
Resources

Content:
Dr. Kenneth “Ken” Gregorski was named Katy ISD's Superintendent of Schools on January 14, 2019.   To date, under Gregorski’s leadership, the District has been recognized as the College Board’s 2019 Advanced Placement Large School District of the Year, earned an “A” letter grade from TEA (2019, 2020), named the number one school district in the Houston greater area by Niche (2019, 2020),  recognized by Forbes as the #1 Best Employer in the Houston Area and #2 in Texas (2020), and received an “A” rating from the Financial Integrity Rating System of Texas. Prior to his appointment as superintendent of Katy ISD, Gregorski served as the District’s Acting Superintendent, and Deputy Superintendent.  In those roles, he oversaw departments at the core of Katy ISD’s mission to advance educational excellence and equity for its 85,000+ students.  These departments include Human Resources, School Leadership and Support, and Athletics. The Human Resources Department, which is responsible for identifying and maintaining over 10,000 highly qualified teachers, support staff, and administrators, has played an essential role in Katy ISD’s school improvement outcomes.  Refining Katy ISD’s quality of recruitment and retention practices, and ultimately student achievement, has been at the forefront of Gregorski’s priorities for this department. Likewise, ensuring campuses are led by well prepared and effective leaders has been a crucial role of the Department for School Leadership and Support— an entity established by Gregorski upon his appointment as Deputy in 2017.  The department was created specifically to improve performance standards across the District’s 68 campuses and facilities by providing specialized coaching and support to principals in building organizational leadership, managing logistical challenges, accountability, staffing, and other school-related issues impacting students.  The Department is also responsible for overseeing and coordinating the management of student transfers, summer school, dropout prevention and campus registrars. Paralleling the efforts of School Leadership and Support are the strategic planning initiatives that have been steered by Gregorski since 2017.  These have involved broadening and clarifying the Grading and Reporting Handbook to better support student learning, conducting a district-wide examination of JROTC program needs, and shepherding bullying awareness academy programs for parents and community members — embracing and encouraging these groups to be partners in bullying prevention. The District’s long successful Athletic Department was also overseen by Gregorski during his tenure as Deputy Superintendent. As evidenced by state and national performance indicators, Katy ISD student achievement is reflected in academic outcomes, alongside co-curricular activities that enhance their educational experience.  During his time as Deputy Superintendent, Gregorski was charged with maintaining the continued success of junior high and high school athletic programs in which more than 17,000 secondary students across the District participate. With over two decades of experience in public education, Gregorski has served in school district roles spanning from classroom teacher to Deputy Superintendent.  He came to Katy from Allen ISD where he has been the assistant superintendent for Human Resources since 2014.  Before his appointment to Allen ISD, Gregorski served as assistant superintendent for the Stafford Municipal School District, overseeing Student Support Services and Human Resources.  He has also served as a high school and middle school principal in Fort Bend ISD, assistant and associate principal in Katy ISD and a teacher in El Paso ISD.   Gregorski studied at Ohio State University where he obtained his undergraduate degree, and at Sul Ross State University where he received his Master of School Administration. Gregorski earned his Doctor of Education degree in Educational Administration at Texas A & M University-Commerce. 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
