Title: Alternative Certification Program / Home
Headers:

Alternative Certification Program
Page Navigation
Contact Us
Katy ISD TEA⁺CH Mission
Katy ISD TEA⁺CH Vision
Katy ISD TEA⁺CHer Outcomes
Program Cost
What We Offer
Core Subjects EC-6 with STR
Core Subjects 4-8 with STR
What You Get
3 Steps to Certification

Content:
Katy ISD actively recruiting applicants who are passionate and enthusiastic about student learning and success. Our Alternative Certification Program will provide guidance and support throughout the journey to becoming a certified teacher. Not only will you get hands-on experience with Katy ISD curriculum and technology, but you will also be placed in a teaching position on one of our premier Katy ISD campuses.Katy ISD offers competitive pay and benefits for its teachers, along with a multitude of support structures for teachers, including instructional coaches at every campus and world-class professional learning opportunities throughout the year. Katye Shields, EPP and Recruitment Coordinator(281) 396-2392 email Katye Shields A+ coursework and coaching, creating an A+ classroom community and culture. Empowering future educators to… Be the Legacy T    Talented in teaching methods and strategies E    Engaged in continuous learning and improvement A    Adaptable to meeting the needs of all students C    Committed to creating a supportive classroom community H    Hired as a teacher in Katy ISD The total cost for the Katy ISD TEA⁺CH Alternative Certification Program is $3,000.  The first installment of $1,500 will be due prior to beginning coursework in January.  The second installment of $1,500 will be made via payroll deduction during the intern year of teaching.   Upon the successful completion of the program/internship and a signed contract agreeing to teach with Katy ISD for an additional two years, candidates will be refunded the amount of $1,500. Additionally, the candidate will be responsible for the following fees: Individual Content Test PPR Test - $116 Fingerprinting - $49 Intern Certificate - $78 Standard Certificate - $78 TEA Technology Fee - $35 Apply Today  Receive world-class, research-based training with ongoing support and coaching throughout your coursework and internship. Secure a teaching position at a premier Katy ISD campus, including our competitive salary and benefits package for first-year teachers.            


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
