Title: Federal Programs and External Funding / Home
Headers:

Federal Programs and External Funding
Page Navigation
Federal Programs and External Funding​
Title I, Part A
Migrant
Homeless
Private School Participation for Federal Grants
Discretionary Grants
Instructional Materials Allotment
ESSER (Elementary and Secondary School Emergency Relief)
Contact Us

Content:
The Office of Federal Programs and External Funding ensures that Federal and Discretionary grants awarded to Katy ISD are expended in compliance with grant guidelines.  It is also the department's responsibility to identify students that qualify for programs and receive entitlements for academic success. This funding pays for resources to assist schools with high concentrations of students from low-income families.  These resources improve quality of education and help ensure all children in low-income contexts meet the state's student performance standards. Katy ISD has certain responsibilities related to the identification and recruitment of migrant students.  Katy ISD is required to receive training, survey all students, and maintain documentation indicating that active identification and recruitment is taking place within the District on an annual basis. Katy ISD is responsible for ensuring the identification, school enrollment, attendance and opportunities for academic success for students in homeless situations. Under several programs included in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA), Katy ISD is required to provide services for eligible private school students and teachers. Unlike a formula grant, a discretionary grant awards funds on the basis of a competitive process.  The department reviews applications, in part through a formal process, while considering program requirements and its impact on the district. Senate Bill 6 from the 82nd Texas Legislature, created an instructional materials allotment (IMA) for the purchase of instructional materials, technological equipment and technology-related services.  The Office of Federal Programs and External Funding is responsible for purchasing these materials. The intent and purpose of the American Rescue Plan (ARP) of 2021, ESSER III funding is to help safely reopen and sustain the safe operation of schools and address the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on students.​ Nakia Coy, Executive DirectorPhone: (281) 396-2243Email: 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
