Title: Academic Counseling, College & Career Guidance / Home
Headers:

Academic Counseling, College & Career Guidance
Page Navigation
Academic Counseling, College & Career Guidance
Resources

Content:
The Katy ISD guidance and counseling department consists of 56 elementary counselors, 131 secondary counselors, and 10 college and career facilitators that service over 95,000 students at 74 campuses. Our program is committed to delivering a comprehensive school counseling program. In addition to developmental guidance instruction, counselors utilize their specialized skills to counsel individuals and small groups, providing a more targeted level of intervention and support.   Throughout the day, students can access their counselor(s) by making an appointment or asking their teacher to visit the counseling office. In collaboration with parents and other educators, counselors often consult regarding a student’s immediate need or concern, to identify the best method of intervention.  All of our counselors are trained to support students who may be exhibiting signs of a possible mental health crisis. If you feel that your child may need mental health support, please reach out to your school counselor for assistance. Your counselor is here to assist you and your child to attain their academic, career, social, and emotional goals. Please contact your child’s campus counselor if you have any questions.  Katy ISD has a College and Career Facilitator (CCF) on each high school campus. The goal of the facilitator is to assist students in preparing for life after high school, whether that is college, trade school, military, or the workforce. The CCF will provide services to assist students and their families in maximizing their educational experiences and exploring their college, career, and military readiness (CCMR) opportunities.  


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
