Title: Section 504 / Home
Headers:

Section 504
Page Navigation
Child Find
Test Accommodations for College Board and ACT Tests
Contact Us
Resources

Content:
Information below applies to Child Find under Section 504. If you would like to request a special education evaluation, please click on the special education tab located on the left side of this page.  Katy ISD is responsible for identifying and evaluating students who, within the intent of Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, need special services or programs in order that such students may receive the required free appropriate education. A student who may need specialized instruction or programs within the intent of Section 504 is one who: Students may be eligible under the provisions of Section 504 even though they do not require services pursuant to the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. Parents who believe that they have a child who may qualify for special services or programs under Section 504 should contact the Campus 504 Coordinator at the home campus. In addition, parents who believe that they have a child who may qualify for special education services or programs under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Improvement Act (IDEA) should contact the home campus office for more information.  Accommodations for these tests require a separate process from test accommodations which may be offered in a student's IEP or Section 504 plan within Katy ISD.  Even if your student has accommodations specified within his or her Katy ISD- developed IEP or Section 504 plan, there is no guarantee he or she will be allowed them during the administration of the College Board and ACT tests.  The allowance for test accommodation is determined solely by the College Board and ACT testing services.  Families, and not Katy ISD staff, are ultimately responsible for obtaining these accommodations.  Although Katy ISD will assist with the applications as a courtesy for all students with IEPs and 504 plans for families who timely follow the application process, families have the ability to submit their requests directly to the College Board and ACT test services. Any additional educational and neuropsychological testing needed for or requested by the College Board or ACT testing service offices is the responsibility of the family and will not be provided by Katy ISD staff.  Families will receive notification directly from the College Board or ACT testing services on the accommodations granted.  It is important for families to adhere strictly to the specified or recommended timelines for submitting all requests for accommodation and to provide whatever documentation is specified. This includes making requests to the appropriate Katy ISD staff within designated timelines as well as the timelines requested by the College Board or the ACT test services offices. Failure to timely submit the requested information to either the testing services or Katy ISD staff may result in your student's inability to be allowed accommodation for his or her test. For more information on submitting accommodation requests to  College Board, please ​visit ​their website. Sandra A. Thomas, Section 504 AdministratorPhone: (281) 396-2319Email: SandraAThomas@katyisd.org 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
