Title: Research, Assessment, and Accountability / STATE ASSESSMENT
Headers:

Research, Assessment, and Accountability
Page Navigation
State Assessment
2024-2025 STAAR TESTING
2024 December End-of-Course (EOC) Testing 
How to Access Test Scores and the Unique Access Code

Content:
Due to privacy guidelines, the staff of the Department of Research, Assessment, and Accountability are not authorized to release student information or scores to the public, including parents or guardians. Please contact your student's campus for access to student records, including assessment results.  ​ The Department of Research, Assessment, and Accountability often receives questions from the community about “opting out" of state testing.  Please see the FAQ Opting Out of State Testing​ document to clarify state requirements.  ​ Contact Dr. Jennifer Tracy at 281.396.7638 for questions.​ The Katy ISD STAAR testing calendar will offer campuses a 3-day testing window to administer state testing for specific content areas. Specific STAAR testing dates for subjects by campuses will be posted here in the fall. Katy ISD will have one day designated for:  Elementary 2025 STAAR Campus Testing Schedule Junior High 2025 STAAR Campus Testing Schedule High School 2025 STAAR Campus Testing Schedule Students who did not pass both scheduled assessments on a campus testing day will be handled on a case-by-case basis to ensure that all testing opportunities are provided to the student.Contact Campus Testing Facilitator for make-up testing opportunities. Families will be able to access detailed information about their child's areas of strength as well as any gaps in learning by reviewing STAAR and STAAR EOC results.  ​Parents/legal guardians will be able to access your child’s STAAR results by logging into the Family Portal on the Texas Assessment website.. Once logged in, your child’s STAAR results will include detailed information for each test question, identifying your child’s strengths as well as areas where your child may need additional support. You will also see easy-to-use resources to help your child focus on the skills they most need help with and can work on at home.  Parents may review additional resources on the TEA website  Please use the documents listed below to access state testing results. Directions For Automatic Access to State Testing Results Using  MYKATYCLOUD – English Version Directions For Automatic Access to State Testing Results Using  MYKATYCLOUD – Spanish Version ​​​ See the following website designed by the Texas Education Agency (TE) to learn more about the STAAR Redesign overview, Transition to Online Assessment for the 2022-2023 school year, New Item Types, and Reading Language Arts Redesign.  TEA STAAR Redesign STAAR FAQs The State of Texas Assessments of Academic Readiness (STAAR®) includes the following assessment programs: STAAR, STAAR Spanish,  and STAAR Alternate 2. STAAR End-of-Course (EOC) assessments include English I, English II, Algebra I, Biology, and U.S. History. Students are required to meet standards on all the EOC assessments; English I, English II, Algebra I, Biology, and U.S. History, in order to meet testing graduation requirements. The Texas English Language Proficiency Assessment System (TELPAS) assesses the progress that Limited English Proficient (LEP) students make in acquiring the English language. The assessment consists of four domains: listening, speaking, writing, and reading. 2024-2025 Local Assessment Calendar is posted.  The 2024-2025 State Assessment Calendar will be available soon. STAAR Alternate 2 will assess students who have significant cognitive disabilities and are receiving  special education services.             STAAR Alternate 2 resources Parents may view their child's assessment data using the Student Portal at:          Family Portal ​STAAR End-of-Course (EOC) Substitute Assessments– TAC, Chapter 101  A ​student is eligible to use a substitute assessment if the student was administered an approved substitute assessment for an equivalent course in which the student was enrolled. The student must receive a satisfactory score on the substitute assessment (provided in the chart).  The chart is located at Substitute Assessment Chart If you believe your child has met a substitute assessment requirement, please contact your child's campus testing facilitator. 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
