Title: Internal & Community Relations / Katy ISD Branding and Logo Use
Headers:

Internal & Community Relations
Page Navigation
Katy ISD Branding and Logo Use

Content:
 Use of Katy ISD logosThe Katy Independent School District visual identities and logos, including the official District logo and all campus logos, are owned by Katy ISD. Katy ISD’s intent is to provide consistency and quality to products that bear the District and its schools’ names, image and logos, while prohibiting the external profiteering of the use of these entities.All individuals intending to use a Katy ISD logo, department or campus logos must complete:  Katy ISD Logo Request Form Katy ISD Campus and District Brands Permissions for Licensing and Logo Use by Entity Retail Vendors - Permissions for Licensing & Use of Katy ISD logosKaty ISD requires vendors selling products using the Katy ISD or any of its school names and/or official logos to enter into a Katy ISD Trademark License Agreement. The License benefits the wholesalers and vendors that manufacture or carry Katy ISD or its campus’ merchandise.  Through this program, vendors can become officially designated as licensed dealers for merchandise using Katy ISD trademarks. The program also positions the District to oversee and assure the integrity of the marks through proper usage, while providing a financial benefit to Katy ISD schools through royalty fees. The Katy ISD Trademark License Agreement allows for the sale of apparel bearing the Katy ISD or any Katy ISD school name for one year (July 1 - June 30). Please complete a Katy ISD Logo Request Form.  Athletics, Fine Arts and other Academic Organizations - Permissions for Use of Katy ISD Logos Katy ISD academic organizations, student clubs, athletic teams and fine arts programs are authorized to use the trademarked logos for school related purposes. The logos may not be altered without the written permission of Katy ISD. These groups are not required to enter into a Katy ISD Trademark Licensing Agreement to use Katy ISD logos. However, these groups must complete a Katy ISD Logo Request Form to obtain official and approved logo graphics.  Parent Support Groups - Permissions for Use of Katy ISD logosOfficial Katy ISD booster clubs, PTAs, parent organizations, school-sponsored organizations and the Katy ISD Education Foundation have permission from Katy ISD to use its logos without obtaining a Katy ISD Trademark License Agreement. However, these groups must complete a Katy ISD Logo Request Form to obtain official and approved logo graphics. Official Katy ISD booster clubs, PTAs, parent organizations, school-sponsored organizations and the Katy ISD Education Foundation may purchase items for retail sales and the company/vendor making their items is not required to have a trademark agreement, as long as sales are limited to the Katy ISD group. If the company/vendor wishes to expand sales to include other logo items, the company must obtain its own Katy ISD Trademark License Agreement. These groups must complete the Katy ISD Logo Request Form to receive original logo graphics. Employees (Katy ISD) - Permissions for Use of Katy ISD Logos Katy ISD employees are authorized to use Katy ISD logos for classroom and school-related communications and purposes. An employee may not use the logos for personal use or for retail sales without the written permission of Katy ISD.   Employees may request access to logos using the Katy ISD Logo Request Form.  Students (Katy ISD) - Permissions for Use of Katy ISD Logos Katy ISD students are authorized to use Katy ISD logos for school-related initiatives, materials, and communications. A student may not use the logos for personal use or for retail sales without the written permission of Katy ISD.  Students may request access to logos using the Katy ISD Logo Request Form. Local Small Businesses (within the Katy ISD boundaries)- Permissions for Use of Katy ISD logosLocal small business owners whose business is located within the boundaries of Katy ISD are not required to enter into a Katy ISD Trademark License Agreement to obtain District logos, though do need to complete the Katy ISD Logo Request Form to receive original logo graphics. Unauthorized Use of Katy ISD LogosAny unauthorized use of the Katy ISD Copyright/Trademarks or use of the Katy ISD Copyright/Trademarks in any way that suggests an endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation where none exists will result in a demand to cease use of the Katy ISD Copyright/Trademarks immediately. Katy ISD reserves the right to take any and all necessary legal measures to protect its intellectual property rights and the goodwill associated with the Katy ISD Copyright/Trademarks. Selling items that include a Katy ISD Copyright/Trademark without express written permission is an infringement of Katy ISD’s rights and will not be allowed. Contact:The Katy ISD Trademark Licensing Program is collaboratively managed by Internal & Community Relations and Marketing & Advertising at Branding@katyisd.org.  


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
