Title: Facility Rentals / Home
Headers:

Facility Rentals
Page Navigation
Facility Rentals
IMPORTANT UPDATES FOR FACILITY RENTALS FOR 2024-2025 SCHOOL YEAR.
Contact Us
Resources

Content:
Policy and Pricing Updates: Please be advised that new Facility Rentals policies and rental pricing will apply to all reservations for the 2024-2025 school year. These updates are designed to better serve our community and ensure fair and efficient use of our facilities. Facility Reservation Requests must be submitted at least 30 days in advance of the first requested rental date. Updated Reservation Form: All reservation requests must be submitted using the updated Facility Reservation Request Form. Please note that old forms will no longer be accepted. The updated form is available here on our web page, under Resources, and we encourage you to familiarize yourself with it to avoid any delays in processing your request.  Updated Contact Information: If you have any questions or need assistance with the new guidelines or the reservation process, please do not hesitate to reach out to our Facility Rentals team at FACILITYRENTALS@KATYISD.ORG. We are here to help and ensure a smooth transition to the new system.   Facility Rental Process: Step 1:  Submit a Facility Reservation Request Form using the Facility Reservation Request Form link on this page under Resources. You will receive an email within 48 hours confirming that we have received your request.Requests submitted on Fridays will be processed the following Monday. Requests are processed in the order that they are received. Step 2:  If the campus facility, date, and time you have requested are available, you will receive a Confirmation Email which will contain your Reservation Confirmation Number. Please keep this number and reference it in all correspondence. Step 3:  Submit your Certificate of Insurance. Insurance Requirements can be found on this page under Resources. Your Certificate of Insurance must be received at least 10 business days prior to your first event date. Step 4:  An estimate of your rental fees will be emailed for your review. Please respond with any questions or changes you may have. Please do not send your payment until you receive your Invoice. Payments should be received 10 business days prior to your first event date. Payments made less than 10 business days prior to the first event date, and past due accounts, must be paid by Cashier's Check or Money Order. All invoices are Due Upon Receipt. You may use our Drop Box or Mail your payment: Katy ISD Maintenance & OperationsAttn: Facility Rentals20380 Franz RoadKaty, TX  77449  We accept Cashier's Checks, Money Orders, and Business Checks. We do not accept cash or credit cards. All payments should include your Invoice Number and be made payable to Katy ISD. BUSINESS HOURS: Monday - Friday8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. (281) 396-2788FacilityRentals@katyisd.org After Business Hours EmergenciesKaty ISD Police (281) 237-4000   


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
