Title: Maintenance & Operations / Environmental & Safety
Headers:

Maintenance & Operations
Page Navigation
Environmental & Safety

Content:
  Meet the Environmental & Safety Department The Environmental Department consists of a group of certified, experienced professionals in a variety of trades who are committed to maintaining a safe and healthy environment for Katy ISD’s students, faculty, and staff. The trades and programs under the purview of the Environmental Department include Integrated Pest Management (IPM), Indoor Air/Environmental Quality (IAQ/IEQ), roofing and waterproofing of buildings, and water quality. The department also oversees the district’s adherence to State and Federal mandates such as the Texas Hazard Communication Act and the Asbestos Hazard Emergency Response Act (AHERA). Pest Management Plan The district is required to follow integrated pest management (IPM) procedures to control pests on school grounds. Although the district strives to use the safest and most effective methods to manage pests, including a variety of non-chemical control measures, pesticide use is sometimes necessary to maintain adequate pest control and ensure a safe, pest-free school environment.  All pesticides used are registered for their intended use by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and are applied only by certified pesticide applicators. Except in an emergency, signs will be posted 48 hours before indoor application. All outdoor applications will be posted at the time of treatment, and signs will remain until it is safe to enter the area. Parents who have further questions or who want to be notified prior to pesticide application inside their child’s school assignment area may contact the Director of Maintenance at (281) 396-2519 or the Environmental Supervisor at (281) 396-2533. Asbestos Management Plan  The Asbestos Hazard Emergency Response Act (AHERA), signed into law in 1986, established the framework for a regulation which requires elementary and secondary schools to identify asbestos-containing materials in schools, institute programs aimed at minimizing the risk of exposure and re-inspect those materials at least every three years. Katy ISD conducts biannual inspections of asbestos-containing materials and ensures compliance with the required three-year re-inspections. The district is committed to providing a safe environment for workers, building occupants, students, parents, and legal guardians. An Asbestos Management Plan has been developed to address all Asbestos Hazard Emergency Response Act (AHERA) and Texas Asbestos Health Protection Act (TAHPA) requirements. A copy of the district’s Asbestos Management Plan is located in the maintenance department, a copy for each specific campus is located in the front office of that campus. The plan contains information on friable and/or non-friable asbestos-containing building materials (ACBM). 40 CFR 763.93 and Katy ISD Board Policy CKA (LEGAL). If you have any questions, please contact the Assistant Director of Maintenance or the Environmental Department at (281) 396-2514. Texas Hazard Communication Act The Texas Hazardous Communication Act requires public employers to develop a written training program for their employees to inform them of the hazardous chemicals that may be in the workplace. Employees are trained annually, and a copy of the written training program is located in the Environmental office. Environmental & Safety 20380 Franz RoadKaty, TX 77449Matthew DobbinsEnvironmental SupervisorPhone: 281-396-2533 Fax: 281-644-1819 


                                        Phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    
 

                                    Fax: 
                                 

Email: communications@katyisd.org
